[Checkout extensions docs]: Fix broken links (#258)
Shopify/ui-extensions: packages/post-purchase-ui-extensions/documentation/extension-points.md

Post-purchase extensions have a configuration file named `extension.config.yml` in their root folder. This file is used for setting up dependencies that your extension needs to run.

> When an extension is published to Shopify, the contents of this file are pushed alongside it. Currently, the configuration file only supports specifying the [metafields](/api/admin-graphql/2021-04/objects/metafield) that your extension needs to read. If your app needs to read metafields for various resources ([Shop](/api/admin-graphql/2021-04/objects/shop), [Product](/api/admin-graphql/2021-04/objects/product), and [ProductVariant](/api/admin-graphql/2021-04/objects/productvariant)), then you can specify these metafields using key value pairs in the config file. Any public metafield can be read. You can specify up to five key/namespace pairs in the config file. While executing the extensions, Shopify looks for the metafields in each resource and returns their contents.

Reviewer: Should these use `latest` links so they're evergreen?

```suggestion
When an extension is published to Shopify, the contents of this file are pushed alongside it. Currently, the configuration file only supports specifying the [metafields](/api/admin-graphql/latest/objects/metafield) that your extension needs to read. If your app needs to read metafields for various resources ([Shop](/api/admin-graphql/latest/objects/shop), [Product](/api/admin-graphql/latest/objects/product), and [ProductVariant](/api/admin-graphql/latest/objects/productvariant)), then you can specify these metafields using key value pairs in the config file. Any public metafield can be read. You can specify up to five key/namespace pairs in the config file. While executing the extensions, Shopify looks for the metafields in each resource and returns their contents.
```
